Lyou
Okay.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Confused.
Favorite.
Okay, record.
recording.
carding the
this for
esfuerzo
voice recorder
for Card A
party.
Thanks.
- I'm sorry.
Yes.
Charles?
Chartwell.
Heartwiles
I was at.
at B2B.
this year
BCIT
CIT
to you
where he's
were here
here.
here.
there
- Yeah.
and
and
and then
that I'm going
I'm going to put
going to put this
what this is.
and through
through the
through the
uh,
uh,
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thanks.
things off
so hopefully that's
Hopefully that...
that etch
a chance
transcribe
scribes,
correctly.
correctly
Exactly.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
- All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
 you  Hi.  Yes.  I'm sorry.  Confused.  Favorite.  Okay, record.  recording.  carding the  this for  esfuerzo  voice recorder  , Cardi,  Yeah.  Yeah.  you  Hi.  Yes.  I'm sorry.  Confused.  Favorite.  Okay, record.  recording.  carding the  this for  esfuerzo  voice recorder  , Cardi,  Yeah. youyou Okay.Okay. Yes.Yes. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. Confused.Confused. Favorite.Favorite. Okay, record.Okay, record. recording.recording. carding thecarding the this forthis for esfuerzoesfuerzo voice recordervoice recorder for Card Afor Card A party.party. Thanks.Thanks. - I'm sorry.- I'm sorry. Yes.Yes. Charles?Charles? Chartwell.Chartwell. HeartwilesHeartwiles I was at.I was at. at B2B.at B2B. this yearthis year BCITBCIT CITCIT to youto you where he'swhere he's were herewere here here.here. here.here. therethere - Yeah.- Yeah. andand andand and thenand then that I'm goingthat I'm going I'm going to putI'm going to put going to put thisgoing to put this what this is.what this is. and throughand through through thethrough the through thethrough the ,, ,, Yeah.Yeah. Thank you.Thank you. Thanks.Thanks. things offthings off  hopefully that'sso hopefully that's Hopefully that...Hopefully that... that etchthat etch a chancea chance transcribetranscribe scribes,scribes, correctly.correctly. correctlycorrectly Exactly.Exactly. Perfect.Perfect. Perfect.Perfect. Perfect.Perfect. - All right.- All right. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. I love you.I love you. -- Thank you.Thank you. uhuh ,, the rule of lawthe rule of law who arewho are Oh, gosh.Oh, gosh. Oh, fuck.Oh, fuck. -- Thank you.Thank you. *Horror sound**Horror sound* *Growl**Growl* -- Thank you.Thank you. information.information. song.song. ...... Oh, wow.Oh, wow. boss.boss. Oh, John.Oh, John. CharlieCharlie I love you.I love you. Wow.Wow. *Suspense Music**Suspense Music* *Loud sound**Loud sound* Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. *Humming**Humming* *Humming**Humming* Oh, oh.Oh, oh. Oh, God.Oh, God. Okay.Okay. I hope to, ,I hope to, , and talk show.and talk show. Sean O'Brien.Sean O'Brien. Oh, boy.Oh, boy. Oh, boy.Oh, boy. Bye.Bye. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. No.No. Oh, shoot.Oh, shoot. Shazam.Shazam.  far. far. followfollow Oh, God.Oh, God. I don't know.I don't know. *snoring**snoring* school, school,school, school, ...... Oh, my God.Oh, my God. ,, ...... it's ait's a it's not true.it's not true. Good.Good. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. youyou Okay.Okay. Yes.Yes. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. Confused.Confused. Favorite.Favorite. Okay, record.Okay, record. recording.recording. carding thecarding the this forthis for esfuerzoesfuerzo voice recordervoice recorder for Card Afor Card A party.party. Thanks.Thanks. - I'm sorry.- I'm sorry. youyou Okay.Okay. Yes.Yes. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. Confused.Confused. Favorite.Favorite. Okay, record.Okay, record. recording.recording. carding thecarding the this forthis for esfuerzoesfuerzo voice recordervoice recorder for Card Afor Card A party.party. Thanks.Thanks. - I'm sorry.- I'm sorry. Yes.Yes. Charles?Charles? Chartwell.Chartwell. HeartwilesHeartwiles I was at.I was at. at B2B.at B2B. this yearthis year BCITBCIT CITCIT to youto you where he'swhere he's were herewere here here.here. here.here. therethere - Yeah.- Yeah. andand andand and thenand then that I'm goingthat I'm going I'm going to putI'm going to put going to put thisgoing to put this what this is.what this is. and throughand through through thethrough the through thethrough the ,, ,, Yeah.Yeah. Thank you.Thank you. Thanks.Thanks. things offthings off  hopefully that'sso hopefully that's Hopefully that...Hopefully that... that etchthat etch a chancea chance transcribetranscribe scribes,scribes, correctly.correctly. correctlycorrectly Exactly.Exactly. Perfect.Perfect. Perfect.Perfect. Perfect.Perfect. - All right.- All right. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you.Thank you. I love you.I love you. -- Thank you.Thank you. uhuh ,, ,, the rule of lawthe rule of law who arewho are Oh, gosh.Oh, gosh. Oh, fuck.Oh, fuck. -- Thank you.Thank you. *Splash**Splash* *Humming**Humming* -- Thank you.Thank you. ,, youyou Okay.Okay. Yes.Yes. I'm sorry.I'm sorry. Confused.Confused. Favorite.Favorite. Okay, record.Okay, record. recording.recording. carding thecarding the this forthis for esfuerzoesfuerzo voice recordervoice recorder .. Okay.Okay. recording this.recording this. voice recordings,voice recordings, Yeah.Yeah. chart.chart. at BCIT.at BCIT. Yeah.Yeah. here.here. and then I...and then I... that I'm going to put thisthat I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the And...And... Thanks.Thanks. Hopefully thatHopefully that transcribes correctly.transcribes correctly. Exactly.Exactly. fight.fight. .. Okay, ready?Okay, ready? Okay.Okay. recording this.recording this. it is.it is. - Recording.- Recording. chart-.chart-. chart.chart. Wells at BCIWells at BCI BCIT.BCIT. We're here.We're here. We're here.We're here. there.there. and then I'm goingand then I'm going that I'm going to put thisthat I'm going to put this Yeah.Yeah. through the...through the... ,, Thanks.Thanks.  hopefully that challenges you. hopefully that challenges you. that it transcribesthat it transcribes transcribes correctly.transcribes correctly. correctly.correctly. Perfect.Perfect. Thanks for watching.Thanks for watching. youyou -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. recording this, voice recording.recording this, voice recording. recording.recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at Wells at BCIT.Wells at BCIT. CIT. We're here.CIT. We're here. We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to putand then I'm going to put and I'm gonna put this in throughand I'm gonna put this in through through thethrough the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that  hopefully thatso hopefully that transcribes correctly.transcribes correctly. Exactly. Perfect.Exactly. Perfect. Thanks for watching.Thanks for watching. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -- recording this voice recording.recording this voice recording. party.party. Wells at BCIT.Wells at BCIT. We're here.We're here. and then I'm gonna putand then I'm gonna put and through theand through the thing  hopefully that itthing  hopefully that it transcribes correctly.transcribes correctly. Perfect.Perfect. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. Okay, recording this, voice recording, chart work.Okay, recording this, voice recording, chart work. Hartwell's at BCIT.Hartwell's at BCIT. We're here and then I'm gonna putWe're here and then I'm gonna put put this in through the thing  hopefully that it transcribes correctlyput this in through the thing  hopefully that it transcribes correctly -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -- Okay, recording this.Okay, recording this. voice recording.voice recording. Chartwell's atChartwell's at BCITBCIT We're here.We're here. and then I'm going to put thisand then I'm going to put this this in through thethis in through the things  hopefully thatthings  hopefully that that it transcribes, correct?that it transcribes, correct? correctly. Perfect.correctly. Perfect. Thank you.Thank you. -Okay, recording this.voice recording.Chartwell's atBCITWe're here.and then I'm going to put thisthis in through thethings  hopefully thatthat it transcribes, correct?correctly. Perfect.Thank you.-Okay, recording this.voice recording.Chartwell's atBCITWe're here.and then I'm going to put thisthis in through thethings  hopefully thatthat it transcribes, correct?correctly. Perfect.Thank you.-Okay, recording this.voice recording.Chartwell's atBCITWe're here.and then I'm going to put thisthis in through thethings  hopefully thatthat it transcribes, correct?correctly. Perfect.Thank you.